update URL to webpack configurator (#2841)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/index.mdx

[Generate Custom Webpack Configuration](https://generatewebpackconfig.netlify.com/) is an interactive portal you can play around by selecting custom webpack configuration options tailored for your frontend project. It automatically generates
a minimal webpack configuration based on your selection of loaders/plugins, etc.

> [createapp.dev - create a webpack config in your browser](https://createapp.dev/webpack) is an online configuration tool for creating webpack config where you can select any combination of features you need. It also generates a full example project based on your webpack configs that you can review in your browser and download.

Reviewer: Suggesting small rephrase:
```suggestion
[createapp.dev - create a webpack config in your browser](https://createapp.dev/webpack) is an online tool for creating custom webpack configuration. It allows you to select various features that will be combined and added to resulting configuration file. Also, it generates an example project based on provided webpack configuration that you can review in your browser and download.
```
